Can I bring my bicycle with me?
Yes, you can bring along your (folding) bicycle on the plane. However, a few different security measures apply when transporting your bicycle:
Your bike must be packed in a fully closed bike case, bike box or bike cover. The bike and its pack combined can only weigh up to 23 kg and cannot exceed 300 cm in size (length + width + height).
Due to the pressure on board, the tyres on your bike should be flat or almost flat.
The pedals should be folded away or dismantled.
The handlebar should be turned lengthwise.
At Schiphol Airport, you can buy a bike box at the KLM desk. The measurements of this box are: 176.5 x 23 x 101.5 cm, and it weighs 4.5 kg.
Please note that if you do not prepare your bicycle for travel in the correct way, we cannot take it with us.
We do not accept electric bikes.
Bicycle pump and gas cartridges
You may bring a bicycle pump and gas (CO2) cartridges on board. Please report this during your booking, via My Transavia or via the Service Centre. The following terms and conditions also apply:
The bicycle pump must not contain a cartridge. The bicycle pump and cartridges must be transported separately.
Per person you are allowed to bring a maximum of 4 small gas cartridges with a maximum content of 50 ml.
The gas cartridges may be carried either in the hand luggage or the hold luggage. Are you bringing gas cartridges in your hand luggage? Then the cartridges count as liquids.
Bicycle fare
€52 per flight

Can I bring my diving gear with me?
There are two options for taking diving gear:
You take the diving gear in addition to your regular luggage. In this case, you pay the special rate for sports equipment, provided that the diving gear is packed separately. All you need to do is inform us about your diving gear when you book or afterwards via My Transavia or our Service Center. The rate is €42 per flight for diving gear weighing no more than 15 kg. If you exceed the maximum weight limit of 15 kg, the regular luggage rules apply.
You take the diving gear inside your regular luggage. Standard fares for hold luggage apply, in addition to the following conditions: 
Scuba tanks are only accepted if there is enough space . So report your special luggage in a timely manner via My Transavia or our Service Center.
Due to the pressure on board, scuba tanks must be completely empty. Harpoons and knives must be transported as hold luggage in a hard container or suitcase.
If you would like to bring a harpoon with your diving equipment, please note that you are not permitted to take nitrogen-powered spear-guns.
Would you like to bring a dive light with you? You can transport this in your hand luggage if you remove the lamp and the battery. The on/off button must be locked in the ‘off’ position.
LED dive lights can only be transported if they are dismantled.
Please note that you will not be able to dive within 24 hours of your departure because of decompression sickness (the bends)!
Fare for travelling with diving equipment
€42 per single flight

Can I bring my fishing gear with me?
The maximum weight limit for your fishing sports equipment is 15 kg and it may consist of:
3 rods
1 pair of waders
1 tackle box
Fare for fishing gear
€42 per flight

Can I bring my golf equipment with me?
Your golf equipment may weigh up to 15 kg and consists of:
1 golf bag, including clubs
1 pair of golf shoes
Fare for golf equipment
€42 per single flight

Can I bring my hang glider with me?
Please note that the tubing of your hang glider should not be exceed 3.60 metres. If you pack the hang glider in a bag, you cannot put any other items in the bag, such as clothing.
Your hang glider may not exceed 32 kg.
Fare for a delta flyer
€52 per flight

Can I bring my musical instrument(s) with me?
We don't want your instrument to be damaged during your flight. That is why we advise you to transport vulnerable instruments as hand luggage. Make sure that you check the conditions for transporting your instrument as hand luggage prior to departure.
If you would prefer to transport your instrument as hold luggage, please pack your instrument in a hard case. We are not liable for any damage caused during transportation. Therefore, we are unfortunately unable to provide any compensation.

Can I bring my scooter with me?
Your scooter is considered as a standard checked baggage item* and is included at no extra charge in your baggage allowance if it is the only baggage that you want to check in
Remember to place your scooter in a suitcase or adapted container (slipcover). 
Please note: for security reasons, scooters are not authorized in the cabin. They are considered dangerous as they may be sharp. They will be refused at security checkpoints, confiscated and destroyed.
* Motorized and electric scooters are not permitted in your checked baggage.

Can I bring my water sports equipment with me?
The maximum weight limit for water sports equipment is 32 kg. You can bring a surfboard, waveboard, kitesurfing board or bodyboard with you.
Mast and board should not be longer than 3.60 metres.
Are you packing your water sports equipment in a bag? If so, you cannot put any other items, such as clothing, in this bag.
Fare for water sports equipment
€52 per flight

Can I bring my wedding dress or bridal suit?
Yes, that is allowed. There are various ways to take your wedding dress or bridal suit with you. In your hand luggage, hold luggage or by booking an extra seat. Good to know: we do not have separate space on board to hang your dress or suit.
Take your wedding dress or wedding suit in your hand luggage
If your wedding dress or bridal suit fits in a small suitcase, then you could carefully fold the dress or suit and take it with you in your hand luggage. Ask the bridal shop how best to fold the dress so that there is the least chance of creasing.
Take your wedding dress or wedding suit in your hold luggage
Not every dress fits in a small suitcase. In that case, it is better to book an (extra) piece of hold luggage. The advantage is that you do not have to fold your dress so small, which keeps the dress looking nice.
Book an extra seat
If you want to ensure that your wedding dress or suit arrives at your destination without creases, book an extra seat.
Send wedding clothes to the destination
If you don't you feel like taking your wedding clothes on the plane, send your wedding dress or suit to your wedding location. We recommend sending the package insured so that you can track the package.
Hang up wedding clothes upon arrival
When you arrive at your destination, hang up your dress or suit immediately. That prevents creases.

Can I bring my winter sports equipment with me?
If you are only taking ski boots with you, they can be transported in your hand luggage. Keep in mind the maximum weight and size limits for hand luggage . If you are taking winter sports equipment (skis, sled, snowboard, etc.) with you, we ask that you check in this luggage as early as possible because of baggage screening requirements. View the opening hours of the check-in desks. By checking in your bags early you ensure that all luggage and equipment are transported to the aircraft on time.

The maximum weight limit for your winter sports equipment is 15 kg and it may consist of:

1 pair of skis, 1 pair of boots, 1 pair of poles, skiing helmet, or
1 snowboard with 1 pair of boots, skiing helmet, or
1 sled of maximum 120 x 50 x 40 cm, skiing helmet
You can also take an avalanche airbag. This should be equipped with a pyrotechnic trigger mechanism (weighing less than 200 mg net in division 1.4 S and less than 250 ml of compressed gas in division 2.2). The rucksack must be packed in such as way to prevent any unintentional activation. The airbags in the rucksack should be equipped with pressure relief valves.

Fare for winter sports equipment
€42 per flight
